c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.exe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.exe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdb
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdb
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\NetduinoPlusApplication2.exe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdb
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.dll
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.NetduinoPlus.pdb
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdbx
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\NetduinoPlusApplication2.exe
c:\users\w7-baseline\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NetduinoPlusApplication2\NetduinoPlusApplication2\obj\Debug\NetduinoPlusApplication2.pdb
